---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
published: true
---



The vast amounts of data held in Kew's collections and associated
databases represent a huge, often untapped resource, providing evidence
of changes in plant distribution and diversity over time and space.

Over the next five years, the Biodiversity Informatics and Spatial
Analysis department will use the power of newly emerging computational
techniques to edit, curate, organise and mine these data and to evaluate
trends and patterns through time and space (geographical, meteorological
and ecological) to enable a new level of use of the collections.

## Key research and departmental priorities include:

- Plants of the World Online Portal – an online global resource for
disseminating Kew’s plant and fungal data to a wide range of audiences,
maximising its impact.

- Developing a plant and fungal names backbone to link databases and
improve access to the vault of information held in Kew’s collections
and nomenclatural and taxonomic databases, and providing critical
evidence to meet policy and operational needs – both for the UK and
international agenda.

- Curating key global plant and fungal nomenclatural and taxonomic
resources, including the [International Plant Names Index](http://www.ipni.org), [the World
Checklist of Selected Plant Families](http://apps.kew.org/wcsp/), [The Plant List](http://www.theplantlist.org) and [Index Fungorum](http://indexfungorum.org).

- Applying sophisticated spatial and analytical tools, and providing
associated services, to greatly enhance our ability to address critical
knowledge gaps.

- Expanding the capacity for powerful spatial analyses, ecological
modelling and the analysis of genomic data in order to develop the tools
and web-based platforms for the display of plant data alongside satellite
imagery and climatic data.

- Mapping and analysing plant populations and communities at greatest
environmental risk and identifying those that display remarkable
resilience and persistence to environmental perturbations – information
that is critical to identify and understand potential opportunities and
threats to the vast natural capital provided by plants.
